

Monday September 25th 2023

Happy Monday! First blog post! How cool is that? 

A lot to talk about. So strap in.

Grimm Games Website

If you're reading this, then that means you already know this part. But I finished it early yesterday before work, and I hate to pat myself on the back, but I'm digging how it turned out. I designed and built off those designs, which feels extra special because it all came out of my brain! Save any compliments for after you read this entire post pls. 

Edge of Reality

So I honestly haven't touched this project in about four or so months, until yesterday when I had to edit some footage for it. I forgot how, dare I venture to say...polished?..?..it is. 
It was fun returning to it, and I noticed that it's pretty much ready to be shipped out. Just gotta work out a few very minor bugs and I can upload it to google drive and let you guys play it.
It's probably about a 15-20 minute playthrough, there's no combat. Just exploring and some minor puzzles. After it's over, you can explore the upcoming areas of the game freely. 

It's a really big story though, one that I'm excited to tell and so it may take some time to roll some more of this content out unfourtunatly. 

Dream Reign

This one just needs a few features implemented and it's also pretty ready to be shipped. I would say this one is a bit longer, about 30 - 1 hour of playtime. There is combat and a pretty tight story line. 

Which leads me to my next bit of news...

MORE PROCRASTINATION!

That's right allow me to introduce...

Mortal Realms Tactics!!!

Like being struck by lightning, I've been burning the candle at both ends developing this one, driven by the excitement I am for it!
I got a sweet, albeit somewhat limited, graphics package for this project, so it's a new look. If the other games remind you of Super Nintendo, these will remind you of the Gameboy Color. I don't know how else everyone feels about the looks, but it is deeply nostalgic to me and that gives it about a 3.7x boost to my inspiration. 
You probably want the deats eh?
I am only going to say that it is HEAVILY inspired by Fire Emblem games, with a little more RPG thrown in the mix. Something I've wanted to do for a while mow. More details to come in the future!

And that's about it. I'll continue working on all of these. How about I hold myself to account? 

Since EOR is closest to being finished, I hereby announce that the release date for the first two chapters of Edge of Reality,  will be October 1st!
That's right, you heard it here first. Only one week away!

And since I don't want to over-saturate the market, I will be releasing the first chapter of Dream Reign...drum roll pls....October 19th! 

Why October 19th? I don't know. It had a nice ring to it. 

So there you go. October 1st will be my first game drop. Oh boy, the pressure is on. 

Sit tight til then and I'll talk to you guys later

:)

EZ